- Joseph Readme -


  = Q & A =


 Q : Why Joseph? 

 A : Young Joseph is one of my three mains in JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Heritage for the Future, which is a fighting game I play
     a lot of. He's also my favorite JoJo from the series itself. I will eventually be re-re-re-recreating DIO again in the future
     since he's my third HFTF main (4 if you count Shadow DIO).


 Q : What's his playstyle like?

 A : Young Joseph takes a lot from his HFTF appearance, however to fit the CvS2 style his rushdown is toned down in order to
     balance him out when against other CvS2 characters.


 Q : How do you play Joseph?

 A : Young Joseph is a rushdown character with many different setups for combos. Since he has both a forwards and backwards run, he
     will be able to move around pretty quickly especially if he's trying to run away. Joseph has decent combo potential only made even
     mode apparent through his Clacker Boomerang and Cannonball Shot, which are both tools used to set up big combos. His cr.MK is a great
     poke, since it has velocity and decent frame data. His Clacker Volley rekka move is easily his best combo ender, however outside of
     being used in combos, the Clacker Volley rekka isn't really useful as much elsewhere. Joseph's hop kick is also a decent overhead, but
     has a very slow recovery. His main form of rushing down is hyper hopping and using j.HK xx Aerial Clacker Volley has his main attack,
     and also is used for a majority of his combo starters. So, in short, to play Young Joseph you need to have decent knowledge of his
     rushdown, but also know when to use his combo set ups and also when to play defensively when necessary.



  = BEGINNER COMBOS =

 cr.LP xx cr.LP xx s.MK xx HP.Clacker Volley Rekka

 cr.LP xx cr.LK xx cr.MK xx Unforgettable Memories

 st.MK xx LP.Hamon Pop, Hamon Overdrive

 cr.LP xx cr.LP xx cr.LK xx cr.MK

 cr.LP xx st.MK xx EX.Clacker Volley Rekka, MP.Hamon Pop, cr.HP


  = CUSTOM COMBOS =

 Install, repeat (cr.MK xx Clacker Volley xx Clacker Vollet Forward), Tommy Gun Barrage

 Install, repeat (cr.MK xx Clacker Volley xx st.HK xx cr.MP), Tommy Gun Barrage


 = CREDITS =

  Nimame/Men's Club & Mete (aka BurningSoul) - SFF

  KarmaCharizard & Trololo - Feedback